R3M37E07KXEPVP	5.0	One hell of a tablet	1190	1214	*** Updated 5/8/2014 - if you're using Dolphin Browser with Adobe Flash player do yourself a favor and do NOT update Dolphin Browser if prompted to in the Google PlayStore. It seems like every time they update Dolphin there's a chance for Flash to no longer work without jumping through more hoops *** I come from a Windows OS background and I'm an ex-Apple iPhone (now Galaxy Note 2) and iPad user. I've been waiting a long time for a tablet like this to be released: a large screen, expandable memory and the freedom of Android. Thanks to my Note 2 I have a little over a years of experience with Android OS but I knew what to expect from the Note Pro 12.2. Originally I had my eyes set on the Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 2014 Edition (32GB, Black), after months of waiting and playing I decided to bite the bullet and buy it. Just before doing so I read of a possible 12" model coming out in the following year so I figured another 6 weeks of waiting can't hurt and patience definitely paid off. Comparing the Note 10.1 2014 Edition and the Note Pro 12.2: One big issue that annoyed me with the Note 10.1 2014 Edition ("14E") was the ridiculous My Magazine app that never goes away.
R1Q4BG00WR4IN1	5.0	Solid for any student	30	33	As a student and a total nerd, I wanted to digitize my notes and archive them. I take notes and do homework on this tablet. I had a note 10.1 (first edition) before I bought this, so I had some familiarity with Snote. Samsung updated this device with higher resolution and a longer page, and beefed up the hardware. I'm happy with the result. I've taken so many notes on this thing. Trust me in that it's good at this function. SNote has come a long way since I started using it years ago, and now you can even sync your notes to SNote for PC's. 
R27T9WAZZCFELH	3.0	A couple of things to think about...	25	27	Instead of restating all the of positive aspects of this tablet (and there are many), I'll provide several "cons": 1. Samsung's customer service is quite bad, so if you have a problem with the unit you receive, don't go through Samsung support - just return the unit to Amazon (you have 30 days to do so) and get a new one, or something else. The battery life on the one I received was about a 1/3 of what is advertised, so I sent the unit to Samsung. It took about 20 phone calls from me to keep the process moving (they use a third party to perform repairs, so nobody really feels any responsibility towards the customer). After three weeks they returned the unit to me, un-repaired! Luckily I had a few days left to return it to Amazon, which I did. 2. The graphics are jumpy. The scrolling on this tablet "stutters" - it's not smooth. If you're used to an iPad, you'll notice with this unit a slight lack of refinement of the user experience compared with what Apple delivers - not a deal-breaker, but something to be prepared for. 3. If you're planning on using this unit in portrait mode, you might not like the dimensions - it's quite elongated. 
ROH0P4CHU2VFG	4.0	My 6th tablet - and I like it	27	31	I'm not going to reiterate what many people have already said, just to get down to some highlights. Also, just to give you some perspective - I buy a lot of tech and upgrade pretty frequently. Have owned 7", 10" and (now) 12" tablets - including Samsung, Nexus (Google), ASUS and Toshiba. I almost didn't buy this one because of the price tag, but glad I did. What I really like... * Screen size (obviously), big difference over the 10" screen (had the Nexus 10 previously) * The pen is great, this and screen size were my main two reasons for me getting this tablet * SD Card - great added bonus but with a catch (see below) My issues... * The SD Card, thanks to Google's new OS (4.4.2) apps no longer get full access to the SD Card. Many apps cannot write to the SD card. This means you have to download to the internal and then manually move things to the SD Card. You also have to use the built in File Manager (for the same reason - limited permissions for SD access) which means you can't use some of the cool split screen File Mangers like Total Commander. * Same issue I had with Samsung's 10.1 (2014) tablet - button placement is not ideal. You will occasionally hit the button while holding it and unlike the Nexus they don't relocate when you go to portrait mode. This is a minor issue - will probably just take some getting used to. Other comments... * I don't mind the weight. Probably because how I use it. I'm sure if I was holding it in front of me for 30min it would get annoying (the 10.1 feels like you're holding nothing). * Charging time is pretty good, faster would be nice but it charges reasonably quickly. * There is a long stream of comments on another persons post about the Manual for this tab - you cannot (as of writing this) get a full manual.  